


Privacy Policy of VENTURE EXCHANGE CORP PTE LTD
Last updated: ​(06-11-2023)

A Very Warm Welcome to VENTURE EXCHANGE CORP PTE LTD
VENTURE EXCHANGE CORP PTE LTD operates the software applications which provides the SERVICE.

This page is used to inform application visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service, the software application.

If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. The Personal Information that we collect are used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

Information Collection and Use
For a better experience while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your name, phone number, and postal address. The information that we collect will be used to contact or identify you.

Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you visit our Application we collect information that your browser sends to us that is called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser version, pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, and other statistics.

Cookies
When you visit the Service, we may send one or more “cookies” – small data files – to your computer to uniquely identify your browser and let this site help you enhance your navigation through the site. A cookie may convey anonymous information about how you browse the Service to us, but does not collect personal information about you. A persistent cookie remains on your computer after you close your browser so that it can be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Service. Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser’s directions. A session cookie is temporary and disappears after you close your browser. You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, some features of the Service may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled.

Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons: To facilitate our Service; To provide the Service on our behalf; To perform Service-related services; or To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. We want to inform our Service users that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.

Request for Data Delete
You have the right to request to delete any personal information about you that has been collected. Upon receiving a verified request to delete such information, we will do so unless otherwise required or authorized by law. You can send a request to delete personal information by email to hello@livemall.io or hello@mobileapp.sg.

Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.

Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
hello@livemall.io or hello@mobileapp.sg.

Personal Data Protection Policy
Last updated: ​(08-12-2022)

Application
VENTURE EXCHANGE CORP PTE LTD is committed to the protection of your Personal Data. We have set out herein our Data Protection Policy ("Policy") which describes how we may collect, use, disclose, process, and manage your Personal Data. The words "we" "us" and "our" in this Policy refer to VENTURE EXCHANGE CORP PTE LTD and its Related Corporations (collectively, the "Companies"), as well as their respective authorised representatives, third party service providers, business partners, and/or agents ("Representatives") and "you" and "your" is to the individual whose Personal Data is in our possession or under our control. This Policy supplements and does not supersede or replace any previous consent that you may have previously given to us in respect of your Personal Data, and your consent herein is without prejudice to any right which we may have under the Personal Data Protection Act (the "PDPA") to collect, use, disclose, process and manage your Personal Data.

Interpretation
For the purposes of this Policy: "CCTV" means closed circuit television; "Individual" means a natural person, whether living or deceased and "Individuals" shall be construed accordingly; "Related Corporations" has the same meaning as in the Companies Act (Cap. 50); and "Personal Data" refers to any data, whether true or not, about an individual who can be identified (i) from that data; or (ii) from that data and other information to which we have or are likely to have access. Headings in this Policy are for ease of reference only and shall not affect its interpretation.

Collection of Personal Data
Depending on the nature of your relationship with us, Personal Data that we may collect, include, but are not limited to, the following: personal information (for example, name, gender, identification details, contact details, residential address, date of birth, educational qualifications, employment history, name and contact particulars of your next-of-kin, vehicle number, and bank account details); photographs and videos, including CCTV recordings; insurance and income tax related information; personal opinions made known to us (e.g. feedbacks or responses to surveys, or correspondences); network usage data and other information, including IP address, web pages visited and other activities, gathered by our equipment and devices; other personal information which you may provide to us, from time to time, in the course of your dealings with us.

Purposes of Collection of Personal Data
We collect, use, disclose, process and manage your Personal Data for one or more of the following purpose(s), as may be applicable: to contact and serve you in connection with the sale, purchase, and after market service of our products and services; for assessing, processing, investigating, resolving and following up with your queries, instructions, requests, feedbacks, claims or complaints; in connection with our business plans, infrastructure, operations, rights, and remedies; to meet or comply with our internal policies, procedures, and guidelines; to communicate with you in relation to our products and services, including offers, lucky draws, contests, privileges, promotions, advertisements, membership programmes, and updates; to send you invites to our seminars, conferences, talks, training programmes or corporate events; to carry out research, planning and statistical analysis in connection with developing or improving our products, services, security, service quality, and advertising strategies; to administer and support the employment or job relationship, including without limitation, its management and termination, salaries, bonuses, commission remuneration, expense claims, staff benefits, leave matters, insurance, training, corporate events, and corporate social responsibility projects; to manage and regulate entry and access to our stores, offices, or premises; to request and facilitate the processing of medical examinations or tests; to manage and operate our operations and businesses; to comply with the relevant laws, regulations, codes of practice or guidelines, and legal or audit requirements; any other purpose for which your consent has been sought and obtained; and any other purpose ancillary to or expedient in connection with any of the above.

Disclosure, Sharing and Transfer outside Singapore
We do not sell your Personal Data to any third party. We may share your Personal Data with the Companies and Representatives in Singapore or elsewhere, for matters in relation or incidental to the purposes set out in paragraph 4 of this Policy. When doing so, we will require the relevant corporation and third parties to ensure the protection of your Personal Data.

Third Party Consent
If you have provided us the Personal Data of any other individual, you represent and warrant that you have the express consent of such individual for the collection, use and disclosure of their Personal Data under this Policy.

Protection and Security of Personal Data
We use appropriate technological and physical measures to safeguard your Personal Data to protect against unauthorised access or disclosure, collection, use copying, modification, leakage or alteration.

Data Retention and Removal
We retain your Personal Data for only so long as is required for the purpose for which the Data was collected, the purposes outlined in this Policy, and for our business and legal purposes. For data deletion please email to hello@livemall.io or hello@mobileapp.sg for request of data removal.

Access and Correction
You should ensure that your Personal Data in our possession or control is correct, accurate and complete. You may request to access your Personal Data. We may charge you a reasonable fee in relation to the request for access to your Personal Data in accordance with the requirements of the PDPA. Please contact us if there is any change to your Personal Data, or there is a need to update your Personal Data.

Withdrawal of Consent
You may withdraw your consent for the collection, use, disclosure, processing and management of your Personal Data by us under this Policy.

Amendment
We may from time to time update this Policy to ensure that it is consistent with future developments, business purposes, industry trends, and/or any changes in applicable legal or regulatory requirements. The updated version of this Policy will be published at www.mobileapp.sg or www.livemall.io ("VENTURE EXCHANGE CORP PTE LTD Website"). Subject to your rights at law, you agree to be bound by the prevailing terms of this Policy as updated from time to time on our Website.

Contact
For any feedback, question or matter in relation to our Data Protection Policy or obligations, including for amendments to your Personal Data, withdrawal of your consent, or how we manage, protect and process your Personal Data, please write to our Data Protection Officer at hello@livemall.io or hello@mobileapp.sg for removal


Privacy Policy

This page is used to inform website visitors regarding [my|our] policies with the collection, use, and
    disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.

If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in
    relation with this policy. The Personal Information that [I|we] collect are used for providing and
    improving the Service. [I|We] will not use or share your information with anyone except as described
    in this Privacy Policy.</p>
<p>The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions,
    which is accessible at [App Name], unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

Information Collection and Use
For a better experience while using our Service, we might require you to provide us with certain
    personally identifiable information, including but not limited to . 
	The information that we request is retained on your device and is not
    collected by us in any way will be retained by us and used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you. 

strong>Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in case of an error in the app we may collect
    data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data
    may include information such as your devices’s Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name,
    operating system version, configuration of the app when utilising [my|our] Service, the time and date
    of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

Children’s Privacy</strong
<p>This Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. we do not knowingly collect personal
    identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13
    has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you
    are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal
    information, please contact we so that we will be able to do necessary actions

Changes to This Privacy Policy</strong
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page
    periodically for any changes. we will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy
    on this page. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.

Copyright © Venture Exchange Corp Pte Ltd. All Rights Reserved. BACK TO TOP
CONTACT
Venture Exchange Corp Pte Ltd and Livemall Pte Ltd is the Mobile Apps, Website Apps and IT Solutions provider.

2 VENTURE DRIVE
#15-29
VISION EXCHANGE
Singapore 608526
yeoufuh@gmail.com

FOLLOW OUR CHANNELS
